ted lasso season 2
is about to premiere on apple tv plus
season 1 of ted lasso premiered last
summer during the height of our pandemic
and quickly won audiences over with its
good-natured and heartwarming charm much
like ted lasso wins over his new team at
afc
richmond if you're looking for a quick
refresher before starting season two
or if you've never seen season one and
just want to dive right into it
well then i've got the video for you
here's everything that you need to know
that
happened in ted lasso season 1 in 5
minutes or less
ted lasso is an american football coach
who goes viral on social media due to
his enthusiastic victory dances
this catches the eye of afc richmond
owner rebecca welton
who hires ted to come coach her european
soccer team
and so ted and his assistant coach coach
beard moved to london with little
knowledge of football rules but a whole
lot of enthusiasm and heart
what ted doesn't know is that rebecca
received ownership of afc richmond
following a very public and humiliating
divorce
and she thinks that hiring ted will lead
to disaster
ruining the team her ex-husband rupert
loves so much
and what rebecca doesn't know is that
ted lasso is
maybe the greatest human being to ever
walk the face of the earth and it is
impossible not to like him
throughout the season ted manages to
charm everyone and win them over to his
side
he gives much deserved respect to the
team's underappreciated kit man nate
and even promotes him to assistant coach
he converts the scathing and skeptical
reporter trent krim to his cause
he motivates the aging team leader roy
kent to actually lead the team
on and off the field he starts making
breakthroughs on turning superstar
jaime tart from a selfish and
egotistical ball hog
to a slightly more respectful team
player who could maybe pass the ball
every once in a while
he befriends jaime's then girlfriend
keeley and even inspires her to use her
intelligence to work for afc richmond
instead of just being a model and most
importantly over the course of season 1
ted lasso manages to tear down rebecca's
walls and earn her support and
friendship
rebecca confesses to ted her original
motivations of trying to sabotage the
team
but ted brushes them off all that
matters in the end is their new
friendship and their newly united
interest in wanting best for the team
elsewhere in the season jamie and keeley
eventually break up and keeley strikes
up a much healthier relationship with
jaime's rival
roy kent keeley also forms a strong
friendship with rebecca
speaking of rebecca's friends her old
pal sassy takes a liking to ted
as for rebecca herself after holding on
to her bitterness toward punching back
director of operations leslie higgins
for his complicit behavior
and her ex-husband rupert's extramarital
affairs rebecca eventually forgives
higgins of his past
misdeeds and wouldn't you know what
slimeball rupert has a new
much younger girlfriend that he likes to
flaunt in rebecca's face
and that new girlfriend's name also
happens to be rebecca
it isn't all good news for ted lasso
throughout season one ted's wife comes
to the conclusion that they've grown too
far apart and asked for a divorce
and despite ted's excellent skills as a
leader and coach his lack of knowledge
on the actual sport of european football
and the initial divisiveness amongst the
team
puts them in a nasty early losing streak
to make matters worse jamie tart is sent
to play for the opposing team manchester
city
a team afc richmond would need to beat
in their final game of the season to
avoid relegation
despite an incredibly valiant effort
manchester city wins that final game
thanks to jamie tart using the lessons
imparted onto him
by ted lasso and making a pass jaime's
angry father
scolds him for passing the ball instead
of going for the game-winning goal
himself
but ted gives him a letter
congratulating him and even includes an
army man toy that was originally a gift
to ted from his son obviously afc
richmond is devastated by their loss and
their relegation
but a newly united ted and rebecca have
hope that next season they can earn a
promotion
and from there they'd set their sights
on premier league glory
and that just about covers everything
that you need to know that happened in
ted lasso season one let me know some of
your favorite moments in the comments
below
let me know what you're looking forward
to seeing in season two like this video
subscribe for more if you're interested
and either way i'll see you in the next
[Music]
one